year's worth of rain another king tide
bat at the region with dangerous surf
conditions keeping beaches closed
waves have cut right through bribey
island for the first time in recorded
history
while houses have been flooded or
severely damaged by falling trees
lily nothing reports
it's hard to get kids not to take risks
especially when they're on school
holidays you get so scared you get
folded onto like all the rocks and stuff
it's so fun
the huge swells smashed onto the gold
coast shoreline and beaches remained
closed because of the dangers but it
didn't stop
plenty of daring teens just missed a big
one then
sick the severe weather caused christmas
heartache for homeowners at sherwood
after a 70 year old hoop pine was
uprooted in the storm
the 30 metre tree crashed through the
fence line of this property
brought down the awning of this house
and landed in the roof of a third home
barbara mcguire was home at the time it
hit the veranda and
has caused very considerable damage but
incredibly
no one was hurt it wasn't particularly
bad weather at the time
but i've since heard that there were
gusts of up to 90 kilometers an hour
the winds were even more powerful
bayside at wellington point
just fell straight
island the northern end has been smashed
through the erosion involving at least
six meters of sand
experts say it's dramatic but not
unexpected
the dunes had got so narrow from
previous erosion events
that they were just waiting for the big
event to come along and and
overwash those dunes and that's what we
saw on monday
nearby at worm beach the bow water
family spent the morning
saving more than a hundred green turtle
eggs that were washed away
after major swells eroded the sand dunes
tried as best we could because the tide
was right up we didn't have much time so
we just relocated them
to a higher level and dug a new nest
boats have sunk the iconic carumban surf
club remains
engulfed by the sea and a massive
cleanup has begun
across the region as flood alerts remain
in force
the reality is that we are saying to
people you need to remain vigilant
dams are overflowing and pearling brook
falls at springbrook
is a magical site as more rain heads our
way
lily knockling abc news brisbane
150 australians landed in darwin this
morning on the latest overseas
repatriation flight from
india the qantas flight was the first
from the city of chennai
passengers will now spend two weeks in
quarantine at the howard springs centre
the new arrivals come as a further two
people there tested positive to
coronavirus
the 32 year old man and 63 year old
woman
arrived on a flight from frankfurt two
days ago
since repatriation flights began in
october nearly one and a half thousand
australians have arrived in the nt
with 33 of them testing positive to
covert 19.
back to the u.s now where joe biden's
election win has been confirmed while
one of donald trump's staunchest allies
attorney general william barr
announced he's stepping down before
christmas let's get more on this with
kristin cantack who is an associate
professor of political science
at the university of pittsburgh kristin
great to have you on the world tonight
now the electoral college has made
president-elect joe biden's victory
official but
that doesn't mean the drama has ended
lawmakers still have the ability to
raise objections
they do and this has been kind of the
sort of a funny trend
um uh funny odd not funny
um funny uh laughable in this election
is that um kind of every little piece of
how our elections
work has has come into frame at some
point
or another um and so while it is true
that there's something else that can
happen
it's not likely that president trump is
losing key allies in his fight against
the election result with senior
republicans today
accepting the outcome of the electoral
college votes
yes and this you know this again is
another one of these odd stories because
the electoral college
in every other election has been this
kind of
uh part in the news like the celebrity
birthdays
you know the electoral college voted
today and it's never really mattered
that much or gotten that much attention
but but this year because of the
pushback that we've seen from trump
it's had a lot more meaning than it ever
has before
now looking at some of the key dates in
the lead-up to
inauguration day georgia's senate runoff
races in the first week of january
should tell us whether the republicans
keep their majority
in the senate this is really key isn't
it
it is it's this is this matters a lot
um if the so the democrats now have the
presidency
and they have the house of
representatives if they also
get the senate that means we see unified
government
under the democratic party and that
affects what joe biden can do while he's
president
now another development we've seen is
russian president vladimir putin
congratulating joe biden on his victory
after
quite some time waiting for official
results
right and this has been another one of
these these odd issues so what's unusual
about this
is that putin didn't congratulate biden
when
most world leaders did uh back when the
election happened i think i think putin
was waiting to see what would happen
but i think it's another kind of key
indicator that
once we've had the electoral college
vote it's it's
game over at that point and kristin
president
trump has announced that attorney
general william barr will be leaving his
job
just before christmas what are the
reasons behind this
i think there are a number of reasons uh
one is barr clearly
knew that there were there were some
investigations
into joe biden's son hunter and the
usual policy
at the fbi is not to talk about those
kinds
of investigations in the run-up to an
election and that's what barr did
i think that made uh that made trump
very angry i think another part of this
is that trump has used his pardon power
in a very different way than other
presidents have
usually what you see is these requests
for pardon
are vetted through the fbi first
and that hasn't been happening under the
trump administration
trump has kind of been choosing on his
own which pardons to grant and which not
to grant so how significant is his
resignation how much of a blow
is it to donald trump given that william
barr had defended mr trump during the
mueller investigation much to the
criticism of the democrats
it is it it says i think to a lot of us
that there's going to continue to be
some
unusual activity around this this white
house
and you're right this is this is one of
the rare times where we've seen
barr not do exactly what donald trump
has wanted him to do
and trump tends to be the kind of person
who sees the world
in in very stark terms there are his
friends
and his enemies and barr was his friend
uh when barr was doing things that that
trump liked and now barr
is his enemy uh and the idea that the
the fbi works in a different way than
the way that trump would like it to
doesn't tend to play into his
his decision calculus and meanwhile
donald trump has gone back on his plan
to allow his white house staffers to be
among the first
to be vaccinated what's he said about
that
well he's he's in kind of an unusual
situation at this point because he's
very proud of the vaccine and he wants
to talk about it a lot
um but at the same time i think he
doesn't he doesn't
first of all he doesn't want to look
like um the
the pandemic is is too serious this has
been something that he's talked about
for a while
uh and i think also there's there's a
sense of elitism that'll go to the white
house
first um so he's he's in a bit of a bind
there uh and that's what we've kind of
seen from his reaction to it
and of course this comes as the u.s
marks a very grim milestone 300
000 deaths from coronavirus which joe
biden
did mention in his speech today well
kristen come back thank you so much for
your time we really appreciate it and
look forward to talking to you again
soon
thank you well scientists in japan say
they're amazed having collected more
material than they could have expected
from their latest
space expedition the researchers got
about 100 milligrams of dust and rock
from a four and a half
billion year old asteroid a capsule
carrying the samples landed last week in
the south australian outback
further analysis is expected to reveal
vital information about how the earth
[Music]
began
joining the world now and you may
remember about a week ago that a south
australian family discovered a koala
hanging out in their christmas tree
well a similar thing happened to happen
in the u.s state of florida
but it had much more drama take a look
aubry ircobelli
awoke to the sound of her dog growling
in the wheels of the morning
to find a raccoon had entered through
the doggy door
and climbed into her christmas tree
aubry tried to gently shoe it away using
everything from kitchen utensils to a
bottle of vinegar but it wouldn't go
quietly
[Applause]
five in the morning
these are all the ornaments that made it
there's my beautiful tree
there's the raccoon
at that point aubry finally had enough
and chased the raccoon out of her home
with a broom we should mention no
animals were harmed
but it certainly made for an amazing
video compilation that's been doing the
rounds on social media
[Music]
you're watching the world the top
stories we're following tonight malcolm
life is now just one step away from
being returned to melbourne to face
trial after israel's supreme court
rejected her appeal
boko haram claims responsibility for the
kidnapping of hundreds of school boys in
nigeria's north west
last friday and a car bomb kills kabul's
deputy governor a week after a
government prosecutor was shot on his
way to work
nicole exports are the new flashpoint in
australia's deteriorating relationship
with beijing
reports out of china australia's biggest
trade destination suggests
power stations have been told not to use
australian coal
in favor of lower quality coal from
other countries
australia has warned that if true
beijing would be in breach of
international rules and a free trade
agreement
political editor andrew poman from
parliament house
ships like indian bulk carrier jagannand
have been making billions for australia
delivering coal to china
i'm one of the crew of jagannath and
still we are waiting for our rescue the
coal trades gone
cold stranding jagannan's 23 crew
at sea off the port in jintang in
northern china
six months after leaving gladstone with
high quality coking coal
please help us to help us and get home
as early as possible if reports coming
out of china are
right the ordeal is far from over for
the ship's crew
we can only treat these as media
speculation in
the chinese state-owned media 10 chinese
power stations reportedly told by
beijing
not to use australian coal in favor of
coal sourced from mongolia
indonesia and russia it really is a
lose-lose here the other countries
have 50 higher emissions than australian
coal
a 14 billion export market to china
no longer looking so reliable or
bountiful
the latest play in beijing's hardening
game of brinkmanship
that's already done harm to barley
lobster wine
timber and beef exports if the reports
are correct then that is likely to
constitute discriminatory practices
against australia
this is not a trade issue this is a
diplomatic one
and on that it appears the prime
minister heartily agrees
scott morrison is saying the world's
watching how china treats one of its
major trading partners
if a perception emerges that there is a
conflation
between political issues and a trading
relationship
then that can create a lot of
uncertainty for many other trading
partners
the government isn't expecting a
straight answer on coal exports
but beijing's trade tactics will have
their limits
china's massive post covered stimulus
program
involves huge infrastructure projects
that require coking coal to turn
australian iron ore into steel with a
cabinet reshuffle imminent and
dantian widely expected to be named the
next
trade minister striking a new tone in
the new year
will be his main mission andrew probing
abc news
canberra a new variant of coronavirus
identified in the uk
is being blamed for a sharp rise in
cases across london
and southeast england scientists will
study the new strain
but health authorities say at this stage
there's nothing to suggest it won't
respond to a vaccine
steps are being taken to contain the
latest surge in infections
with london facing the toughest
coronavirus restrictions from wednesday
europe correspondent samantha hawley
reports
it really is a case of one step forward
and two steps back
we have identified a new variant of
coronavirus
which may be associated with the faster
spread the deadly virus
has mutated a thousand cases of the new
variant
in 60 local areas of england have been
identified so far
initial analysis suggests that this
variant is growing faster than the
existing variants
similar variants have been identified in
other countries over the last few months
london is a hot spot case numbers are
doubling as quickly as every five days
the city will be among those pushed back
into the highest
level of restrictions from wednesday
it's obviously going to be very hard to
do anything that we've planned in the
next few days
it's a sudden change but that's the
reality of this and
kind of expecting it really i think it's
a good idea
it seems really crowded and i think it's
a bit
crazy for it not to be tier three at the
moment
so i think it's a good thing the worry
now is what the new variant means for
the pfizer vaccine
that's been rolled out across the uk
advice so far is good
but testing is still underway i must
stress at this point
that there is currently nothing to
suggest that this variant is more likely
to cause serious disease
and the latest clinical advice is that
it's highly unlikely
that this mutation would fail to respond
to a vaccine
but it shows we've got to be vigilant
covert 19
is providing a large dose of
pre-christmas gloom
but boris johnson has promised a
reprieve
from restrictions between the 23rd and
the 27th
of december the problem with that is
scientists warn
it could lead to an even harsher
lockdown in january
it's looking like a grimmer christmas
and a not so happy new year
samantha hawley abc news london
meantime canada has kicked off its
vaccination campaign against covert 19
injecting frontline healthcare workers
and nursing home residents
the country is the third in the world to
administer the pfizer beyond tech
vaccine
a second wave of coronavirus is
spreading across canada
forcing several provinces to clamp down
on businesses
and limit social gatherings more than
sixty percent
of canada's 000 coronavirus deaths have
been
in aged care facilities as parts of the
world celebrate the first doses of a
covert 19 vaccine being issued
some countries are still wondering when
it will be their turn
in the pacific many nations are facing
the prospect of only being able to
vaccinate
a tenth of their populations and that's
if global supplies don't run out
andrea nearhof has more
the first jab towards a world without
covert
a 90-year-old british grandmother the
first in the world
to receive the fisa coronavirus vaccine
after its emergency approval by the uk
government
soon followed by countries including
canada the us
and singapore but in other parts of the
world
it's a different story we need a vaccine
that everyone can have free
of charge there's no question that there
will be stockpiling into the future the
critical issue here though
is that none of us really can be safe
until everybody is
canada the us the uk and australia have
fought enough to immunise their citizens
several times over and that could see
other nations miss out
almost 70 countries face the prospect of
being able to protect
just a tenth of their populations they
include kiribati
tuvalu papua new guinea and solomon
islands
the pacific island nations will always
be towards the back end of the
queue that's why i think the australian
voice at the global level and the new
zealand voice
at the global level is speaking on
behalf of the small island states is so
so important
both australia and new zealand have
pledged millions of dollars to an
international vaccine alliance
to help developing nations vaccinate
their citizens
on top of that canberra has also
announced half a billion dollars will go
towards rolling out immunization
programs
in the pacific and southeast asia to
have
safe and effective vaccines
against a virus that was completely
unknown to us
only a year ago is an astounding
scientific
achievement but an ever greater
achievement would be
to ensure all countries enjoy the
benefits of science
equitably a wake-up call to protect
those who can't protect themselves
andrea niehoff abc news
let's go back to south korea now where
officials are facing fierce criticism
for sacrificing the country's freedom of
expression
to improve ties with rival north
following its ban on sending propaganda
leaflets across the border
nk news seoul correspondent wong gi jung
says the government views the new law as
a way to protect lives
yeah sure the gist of the law is that it
penalizes an act
or an attempt uh to distribute leaflets
or other items
across the border to the north korea
given that those acts or attempts
pose serious risks or danger to the
lives or bodies
of south korean people so what are those
other items
yeah so that's a part where it's talking
much controversies here in south korea
according to the bill the language is
the leaflets in etc
and some of the examples listed in that
bill is that number one cash number two
auxiliary memory devices such as usbs or
sd cards
or other kind of items that can generate
monetary profits
so that's i think the one reason why
some human rights advocates have pointed
out that even sending medicine
or food or rice can be regulated by the
law because
those medicine and food or rice can be
exchanged
to generate monetary benefit so that's
uh
the items that are covered in the bill
what is the motivation behind the south
korean government doing this
yeah so i think there are many different
ways to look at
the question number one is most
obviously the south korean government is
trying to
protect the lives of the people who are
living in the border areas where the
leaflet centers usually carry out
their activities of sending balloon
leaflets
across the border but i think another
reason another way to look at this is
that the timing
when you look at the development of the
inter-korean relations
so far there's been summons between the
president trump and uh north korean
leader kim jong-un
but then it didn't produce much results
much tangible results
and the inter-korean relations hit the
rock bottom after the
destruction of the joint leads in office
last june and there's also been
the killing of a south korean official a
few months ago
so when you look at all these
developments the south korean government
is trying to
find a breakthrough in the frozen
relationship between two koreas
so that's the timing why the timing is
important here
and to give you a little bit more
context
there's going to be two major events
coming up
in the beginning of next year number one
is the eighth
workers party congress in north korea
which is going to take place in january
and number two is of course inauguration
of the president-elect
joe biden so considering those major
events coming up
south korean government wants to send as
many positive messages as possible to
promote
the amicable relationship between the
two koreas
do you think it will be effective in
achieving its aims
and what is the likely reaction from
north korea to this move
so um i've interviewed and we're hearing
some
releases by the north korean
human rights activists and many of them
are saying that
they will not going to abide by the law
and then carry out their activities no
matter what so
and also another north korean activist
says that he is going to bring
the case the law to the constitutional
courts because he sees this as
a violation of free speech so we have to
see
the actual developments of those claims
and
about the north korean reaction it is
unclear we haven't seen
any over signs of messages coming from
north korea so
we need to keep an eye on it and then
see
how pyongyang reacts to that what are
the penalties for anyone breaking the
law
so the maximum would be three years in
prison or
uh 30 million one in fine so that's
gonna amount to about twenty seven
thousand
four hundred dollars and just finally
how do you
see relations progressing going into the
new year
so that really depends on how north
korea would react to all these
olive branches south korean government
is holding out
whether they will be willing to actually
promote
that amicable relationship between the
two koreas that's an open question
and also it depends on how the u.s
is trying to improve or deal with
this the problem with the korean uh in
the korean peninsula
if president-elect joe biden is willing
to pursue
um more direct moves to solve
these problems in between north and
south korea yes that's going to be also
one variable
but at this point um there are a lot of
um open questions out there
and we definitely have to keep an eye on
those different
developments that can happen around this
around the korean peninsula indeed wong
joong thanks so much for joining the
world tonight
thank you philippines journalist maria
ressa has entered a no plea in her
second
cyber libel case she spoke outside city
hall in the capital of manila
earlier today to address the charges
related to her tweeting screenshots of a
deleted article
prosecutors claimed the rappler ceo's
tweet which included a story published
in 2002 about the killing of a former
manila councillor was malicious
i'm supposedly facing a charge of cyber
libel but
the charges themselves are libelous to a
working journalist
right so this shouldn't be allowed i
will
take this all the way to the end and we
will win it
because it's ludicrous maria ressa there
now refugees and asylum seekers who've
been held in a melbourne
hotel since last year have been told
they'll be transferred to another
detention
facility rather than be released as
they'd hoped
protested gathered out protesters
gathered outside the mantra hotel in
preston last night
to object to the decision describing it
as a waste of money and
lives about 40 men in the hotel were
flown to australia from offshore
detention under medevac legislation
which was later repealed a lawyer
representing them says
five were released on visas last week
and the rest
had hoped to follow border 4 says
detainees will be moved because the
hotel lease
will expire soon
former greens leader bob brown has been
arrested during a small protest in a
logging
coup in tasmania's north east a group of
activists have been attempting for weeks
to stop the logging of swift parrot
habitat in a timber production
zone today activists filmed mr brown
being arrested after he refused to
remove himself from
a pile of logs in the magistrate's court
are you willing to leave the permanent
timber production zone land i'm here
looking
after my friend harriet are you willing
to leave
when she's going to
resources minister guy barnett says it's
disappointing protesters are continuing
to disrupt
forest industry workers
more than 60 international students are
now enjoying freedom in the top end
after successfully completing their two
weeks of quarantine
the charles darwin university students
are the first to arrive in australia
since borders closed due to the pandemic
after securing seats on a special
charter flight from singapore
a traditional larakia welcome for a
group who've been locked out of
australia since
march 63 international students from
china hong kong japan
vietnam and indonesia secured seats on a
special
charter flight from singapore as part of
a pilot program
backed by charles darwin university the
northern territory and
australian governments i'm super lucky
because i chose
to go back to hong kong and then after
uh like for a month then i
had a chance to go on the flight i mean
the timing
was just perfect it felt hectic but
because of all of the help that we got
everything went really smoothly they're
now free after completing two weeks
quarantine at the howard springs
facility
in darwin's rural area none of the
students tested positive to clover 19.
at the quarantine facilities again with
the way that it was set up we managed to
slowly meet some of the other students
and and talk with them but
while staying safe so it was great for
that it didn't feel as isolating
cdu says the success of this program
shows
more students should follow we have
submitted plans to commence additional
flights from january next year right
through to the middle of next year
and we'll continue to progress those
plans but ultimately that is
up for government approval it is clear
that the priority now is getting
australians back home
however we are going to be continuing
our discussions with the commonwealth
about when we can look to bring more
international students here to the
northern territory
it's now up to the commonwealth to
determine when the next group of
students will be allowed to head
down under kate ashton abc news
an electric vehicle strategy from the
federal government is months overdue but
a leaked draft obtained by the abc
indicates there'll be limited support
for motorists wanting to make the switch
to cleaner technology
melissa clark reports from canberra
plugging in is the new fueling up
it's much cheaper than petrol david
osmond's second-hand hybrid car is
cheaper to run
and emits less pollution but he had to
carefully consider the downsides before
buying
one is the number of charges around the
country and the ease of charging
the other one is clearly price to reduce
emissions from
transport australia needs more motorists
buying electric vehicles
but the push for cleaner cars has been
politically
charged it's a war on the weekend when
it comes to the vehicle you drive
the coalition promised to develop an
electric car strategy
two years ago it still hasn't been
released
it'll be coming out in the coming weeks
obviously with covered
there's been a switch of focus but this
is still important
but the abc has obtained a draft copy
it includes 72 million dollars already
announced
to help build more charging stations as
well as a two-year trial of electric
cars for politicians
what we've seen from the government is
the bare minimum there's nothing to make
electric cars cheaper
and no fuel efficiency standards we're
the only country that doesn't have
mandatory fuel efficiency standards
which cost
but motorists about 500 every year at
the bowser as more drivers shift to
electric vehicles and use
less petrol there's less revenue raised
by petrol excise
the federal government's draft document
doesn't address that shortfall
some states aren't waiting for the
commonwealth though with victoria south
australia and new south wales
all moving towards road user charges for
every kilometer travelled in an electric
vehicle
that won't help convince drivers to make
the switch
but the coalition isn't too worried at
the moment we're
we've got perfectly good petrol cars
that many people
choose to drive taking the long road to
an electric future
melissa clark abc news canberra
in qriket wa prodigy cameron green will
make his australian test debut
if he's deemed fit to play in the first
test against india starting thursday in
adelaide
green suffered a mild concussion last
week but coach justin langer says he's
recovering well
earning the right to don the baggy green
an exciting talent on the brink of
making his mark for australia
after hitting 100 against india for
australia a last week
green suffered a mild concussion while
bowling
straight back see i'll tell you what i
reckon that has hit
cameron green in the head but the 21
year old will secure a baggy green if he
passes concussion tests
taking a spot in the middle order he's
obviously an excellent talent
he's earned the right for selection
through his performances in sheffield
shield cricket
so if he's fit and available then he'll
make his test debut a decision is yet to
be made on australia's opening
partnership
with joe burns under pressure because of
poor form
langer says manus labichain won't move
up the order but he's backed matthew
wade to open if chosen he's got the game
for it he can counter attack like david
warner does
like a lot of the great openers do they
they don't just have strong defense but
they counter attack as well so he can
definitely do it
preparations are underway for the
visitors with virat kohli only playing
the first test before flying home on
paternity leave
and india's vice captain is well aware
the australian side they are up against
is very different to the team they
defeated two years ago
i think their team is really good really
balanced we just have to respect them
and play to our strength and our
potential i think that is the key in
this in the series
heading into the series with a positive
mindset the main focus for india
cameron slessa abc news
and it's time for the weather with
graham creed we've got a lot more wet
weather on the way for eastern and
northern parts of the continent and the
potential of some localized heavy falls
particularly in association with
thunderstorms
that's as the monsoon trough starts to
develop across the north of the
continent and a series of troughs bring
very unsettled conditions
to the eastern states so that means
widespread showers and thunderstorms for
queensland it'll just be hot and dry
through the southwest showers and storms
elsewhere
more widespread and more likely about
the southeast and also the far north
for new south wales it's also areas
through the east and two thirds looking
at widespread showers and thunderstorms
some localized heavy falls
will remain dry though through the far
western districts we've also got a
trough
developing through victoria this is also
going to bring unsettled conditions so
some showers about the west
we're also looking at the potential of
some drizzle about the more eastern
parts
isolated showers about the central and
eastern parts in the morning they'll
clear
then they redevelop as we move in
towards the evening become more
widespread from the northwest
for south australia we're also looking
at unsettled conditions mostly about the
southern districts and particularly
across the agricultural region
we're also looking at showers and
thunderstorms east of a trough that's
sitting
about the western parts of the southwest
land division so it's the more inland
areas
more likely to see those showers and
storms that should be confined to the
far north of the kimberley and also the
top end of the territory
we are also looking at the potential of
some localised heavy falls
and before we go recapping our top
stories israel's supreme court rejects
an appeal by former melbourne school
principal malka lifer
against her extradition to australia
islamist guru boko haram releases a
message saying it kidnapped hundreds of
boys from the school because it was
teaching western style education
and afghan security officials say a
sticky bomb killed
kabul's deputy governor and injured two
guards
and that is your world for tonight if
you'd like to see more world news and
interviews take a look at the abc's
youtube channel there'll be more news
after the break i'm yvonne young bye for
now
[Music]
[Applause]
for those of you who haven't thrown out
your 20 20 bingo cards did you have this
one
in a year where everything has been
unexpected join us to make sense of it
all
when boris johnson is on the phone
saying right now i'm sorry to bring this
up we listen to the experts when it
comes to the pandemic but we're not
listening to the experts when it comes
to climate change this is the difficult
thing for women middle age
we have hugged them to look forward to
proud millennial right here
i already grew all this grace i'm just
gonna hang here the drum
weeknights at six on abc and iview
tomorrow on news breakfast covert 19 has
changed the way we live
work and socialize so how do our cities
and towns need to change to adapt to the
new normal
and tasmanians get into the spirit of
christmas with abc hobart's annual
giving tree appeal this year with a
pandemic twist
don't miss it
nine eight this new year's eve the
parties are yours
stay home with the abc for the biggest
night of the year
at 8 30 join rove for
and at nine charlie pickering and dan
rowe bring you australia's biggest stars
there's only one place to be this new
year's eve that's your place with the
abc
from 8 30 on abc and iview
spixon specs returns for a special
episode celebrating music of the 2010s
whether you like to shout geronimo as
you swing from the chandelier or you'd
rather shake it off and get lucky
we've got a show that'll hit you like a
wrecking ball
guests include kate miller heike vance
joy claire hooper and luke mcgregor
with team captains myth warhurst and
alan bro
see you very soon australia this fix and
specs 2010 special
sunday on abc and eye view
2020 is almost over and what a year it's
been
costa lends a hand to a very special
gardener if i hadn't
had the garden maybe i wouldn't have
lived or a hundred
get crafty this christmas kids will love
making them and it's a great activity
for family and friends
and look at these luscious lockdown
gardens it's just so
rewarding having the ability to watch
life and nature just grow
around you gardening australia friday on
abc and ivy
whenever you want wherever you are know
the story with abc news
the most trusted news source get
breaking news updates with live
notifications
plus the latest news from australia and
around the world if the situation
deteriorates the hard border comes back
go to news.abc.net.edu or download the
news app
the women's national
okay
watch the 2020 wnbl finals this weekend
on abc and iview
[Music]
you